Final step on an application is to implement Google Authenticator to allow us to signing also with a
Google account to this.
To do that, we go to Google dot dot, dot, google dot com.
We go to console and we can search apps and services credentials.
And we will create.
And you and.
Oscar Grant 80.
Create credentials.
Wealth granted
application type will be web application.
I'll call this my up.
And we will need to as the allowed human rights.
So in this case I'm going to use.
And same ones that we had already for the in the, in the back end.
So in back end we allowed, uh, front end you arise from, uh, localhost 3088 and 4200.
So we will allow these as well.
We will create and we will get an I.D. and secrets that we're going to need.
So back to the code.
We start with Paul Maximo and I'm going to add a dependency.
Com not google API client.
Google API client.
Latest version is 1.3.2.
This is the one we are going to use.
And then in the controller we need to add a new post mapping.
My Valley view will be.
Slash Google+.
And same thing, same structure.
Google of.
Response.
What response?
Google of.
Google.
Request body Google of.
Requests.
We implement two records.
So in this case, be string token.
String secret.
And string code.
In response.
Well, the response in this case would be just shrink.
Token.
I guess so.
Only thing left to implement my logging.
We what service never call Google was again.
In fact, I'll just need to pass the token.
So we're off requests.
Token.
In the area will return you.
Google's response?
No dot.
I will implement this all the time.
So please to turn logging.
Okay.
So we will be looking to get access to can get token so something can drill on this method.
I'll start by using a Google Plus or Google I.D. to token of verify it.
I will call it simply verifier.
They?
I need also Google I.D. token to be my token.
These are all initials.
No.
Then I will try.
35.
Equals new.
Google token.
Google I.D. token verifier.
It's not new.
Use Google I.D. Token.
A 55 year builder.
And this builder will take Google Nuts.
HTP Transports New Trucks to transport.
And also second argument is a new.
Jesus on factory.
Sit.
Audience.
So I have to catch some.
What is your.
I know I need to do this.
And I'll be able to set audience.
Collectors.
Not collectors collections.
Single.
Totally least this is what they need.
And we have here something that doesn't exist yet.
Which.
Will be the client entity.
So I it up by A.D..
And then.
I will build.
So my verifier is, you know, my I.D. token will be equal to verify, verifier, verify.
Token in this case, the token that comes here.
Okay.
I'm still missing this, so I will create field.
My feeling would be final.
I needs, of course.
Not sure why we're here.
So this will be final.
I added to the constructive parameter here and I will use the same thing, so I'll take this from the
configuration.
In this case, security.
Google clients 80.
Go and call Google client I.D. to keep it simple.
So now on my application properties.
I will just add here.
Equals.
I go to my Google Chrome.
Copy that client I.D. and they can paste.
Sure.
So if he's working on world service.
I have my 82 tucano.
If I have an exception here, I will throw.
A new error.
One of my heroes would be.
Credentials are.
Then after this, if.
Ed is no so if didn't fail but 82 Cohen is still no it could up a.
I through and you use are not found error.
Okay.
There's no user.
Then there is one Google Glass.
That's a payload class from Google payloads.
And these equals to 82 candidates get pooled.
Then I take this string.
Here I have the information that that I need from this display.
In our case, we just want for email equals payload.
Get email
or first name equals payload.
Get.
And.
Get them Google calls.
First name to give a name.
And last name.
He's the family name.
So it's.
I have the information I need.
Now, the last thing that I will do is to see if this user already existed.
Similar device.
So user oppo.
Find by email.
Email.
Or else.
And it is.
Or else I will use.
I will use my one black expression to say, uh.
User.
All.
To be a first name.
Last name.
Email and for the password I will generate a random, random, unique identifier.
It doesn't really matter a lot because this is not the standard authentication flaw.
Then he took us to two string.
So I'll just.
Just drink up.
I will just use this random two string to generate a random password.
It doesn't matter, because this user is not authenticated with password.
It will always create a user so the user can later on used to uh, forgot endpoint to update this password.
We are just creating one generic and actually I thought this.
I just need this.
And it's done correctly.
It's like this.
And here, because I'm creating a new user in this situation, I need to force save.
So I will do user repo save user.
And then I will copy what I already have in the log in.
So it's the same, same thing, generating the token exactly as before.
So just copy the same thing to paste here.
So I have my log in.
And in this case, I'm already learned that I have duplicated code.
So it's a good thing when we have this to extract the method.
And it could be this get blogging from user.
So I'll refactor ideally over private method.
And this private method should be called in three places.
I think he is slightly different because we are using the refresh token and it's not exactly the same.
But uh, everyone else is the same.
There is only one small thing that I will, uh, will also do, and that is a typo.
When we created the token that we need to create to the user here.
I saved the TFA secret as no, but in fact, this needs to be empty string.
This is because in the schema we didn't define this has not known.
So because it's not defined as not thought, we will, we are still allowed to, um, to set the value
as well.
So we had two options.
One is to change that the base.
Second line is to change user here.
I just change this so every time I create a new user.
This is the only method that allows to create a new user on that device.
Our creators, uh, we the the empty string there, and everything will work.
Just stop this.
Rerun my application to make sure that everything is fine.
And it's not.
So it will not resolve the.
Property.
I have a typo here, so I missed.
Hey there.
So no info launch.
Everything is fine.
And my application is working with all endpoints.